Favor the gh action when setting up release drafter (#38)
jenkinsci/.github: .github/release-drafter.adoc

== Usage

Release drafter can be used as a GitHub Application or as a GitHub action.

> The recommended approach is to use the GitHub Action as the GitHub Application is link:https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter/blob/master/docs/github-app.md[deprecated] and won't receive new feature anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended approach is to use the GitHub Action as the GitHub App is link:https://github.com/release-drafter/release-drafter/blob/master/docs/github-app.md[deprecated] and won't receive new features anymore.
```

          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
```

> Here is an example used in the link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/bitbucket-branch-source-plugin/blob/master/.github/workflows/release-management.yml[BitBucket Branch Source Plugin].

Reviewer: maybe better to use a more recent one, the previous one uses the old github account for it and a very old version
```suggestion
Here is an example used in the link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/theme-manager-plugin/blob/master/.github/workflows/release-drafter.yml[Theme Manager Plugin].
```

Author: @timja The Theme Manager Plugin looks to have a good configuration, however it depends on an exact version while the discussion in jenkinsci/archetypes#155 was suggesting to only depend on the major version.

Reviewer: How about this:
https://github.com/jenkinsci/slack-plugin/blob/master/.github/workflows/release-drafter.yml

Reviewer: ah the archetype looks good to use

Author: Slack plugin lgtm, @oleg-nenashev would this address your concern at the same time?

@timja the only remaining concern I have is that in the case of the Theme Manager Plugin it seems you added one more input to the step to publish only on tagged commit. I'm not sure if we want to have this setting as an example or drop it.

Reviewer: In theme manager I'm experimenting with a new option in release drafter that automatically publishes the release notes when the repo is tagged.

Haven't really used it much yet though.

Author: I agree (FTR this would adding it would also mean we need to rework the last section of this document). Slack plugin is a good candidate. I'll make the change and wait for Oleg's feedback.
